Welcome to my Web Portfolio!

Enclosed is a collection of my work from Spring 2025, utilizing different forms of visual media. I had a fun time creating these projects and challenging myself to do something I've never done before. Coming from a background of strictly science based courses and only doing crafts, DIY and photography for fun, this was a change of pace being able to have creative freedom and have open ended projects. My creative mind was challenged, but I had an amazing time exploring what I could come up with. Click through and enjoy!


Photoshop

Learning photoshop was one of my main motivations for taking this class, and I'm so glad to have learned the basics in a short amount of time! I have enjoyed all of the skills I've learned and hope to take them with me into any future career I pursue. This final project, as shown above, is a collection of photos in the background edited to "bleed" into the brick wall. They represent memories of my college life and I placed a picture of myself looking back on them as if I were admiring them. The text above "There's a long way to go", is a line from the song "Matilda" by Harry Styles, signifying that there is still a long way to go on this journey we call life!

Illustrator

For the Illustrator project, I created a logo for a personal photography/creative business. I wanted a simple, original logo but I didn’t want it to be overcomplicated. I added the corners on the sides of the logo to look like a picture frame, and waves on the back. I chose blue and white for the color themes to have it match the background picture of the sky. If I were to start an actual business in the future, I would start out with this logo.

Animate

I animated the logo I created in the previous project. I began with the waves coming into frame, and moving to emulate real waves. I had the letters blend into the animation with the transparency tool, and then the rest of the letters followed suit. Finally, the corner frames came into the frame, and I added a white box to represent a flash of light to simulate a picture being taken, with a soundbite of a camera shutter. I do have to say that I wish I had created the waves a little better, but from not knowing how to animate anything to creating this in a week was great! This took a lot of time and was a little challenging, but I figured out how to create something that I was happy with at the end. 

InDesign

I wasn't completely sure how to embed the presentation onto here, so I decided to add it as a clickable link! However, I had a great time creating the final InDesign project. I found InDesign to be one of the easier programs to learn during our course, as it seemed more straightforward and something that everyone could learn. I loved getting to use different typefaces, and learning how to curate magazine type of pages. 


Lets Connect!

This semester was full of challenges and fun projects, and I am glad was able to share my ideas with you all, and vice versa! I learned a lot from you all, even though we have not all met face to face. I have a couple links below if you guys would like to keep in touch, I'd love to connect with you guys!

It's been real everybody! Best of luck to you guys on your professional and educational journeys.